so here is guys and girls I've been
teasing you about where that ATI 7970
graphics card was destined to go and I
want to unveil to you now the system of
that card is going to be installed in so
without further ado here we go it is the
latest Alienware Aurora our free system
and I'm going to give you a quick tour
of this system now so stay tuned hi
everyone this is David from geek annoyed
and this is my Alienware Aurora our
three one is give you a saw a sneak peek
inside to show you the actual layout
they've done and also give you a rundown
on what I've got installed in here so
let's start off with the hard drive bays
we've got four serial ata bays down here
and in the top one I've got my boot
drive and that is one of these babies
this is the Samsung 830 series
solid-state drive 6 gigabits per second
256 gigabytes of storage capacity now
that's gonna make this system absolutely
fly when it comes to boot times and
loading up applications second drive Bay
down here this is for my storage I'm
going to be doing as well as gaming on
here some extra video editing on this
system as well so got a 2 gigabyte
Samsung hard drive in here now at the
moment I mentioned to you about the
graphics card I'll just swing this
camera around a little bit for you just
to the back here this is where the
graphics card is installed let's just
open this door for you so you can get a
better look so this is just a cheap
graphics card at the moment this is
where the ATI 7970 is going in really
nice motherboard layout here 16
gigabytes of memory again a future video
I'm going to show you a crucial memory
upgrade
in here swapping out this saw generic
RAM for something a little bit better in
my opinion and then we've got an antique
water cauldron here this is the cooler
h2o 620 series and that's keeping a
Intel Core i5 2500 K if I remember
rightly processor and that's keeping
everything nice and cool now that
processor clocks really nicely soon you
put it into this system get overclocks
Alienware have done a fantastic job at
the sort of layout of this particular
motherboard and the cable management is
really neat as well now what I also want
to show you is just down here you can
see what looks like another sort of
motherboard in fact is a little daughter
board and this circuitry is what
controls all of the sort of the thermals
and the lighting on the case now I was
amazed to see that in there again a
great job they've done of that so
separate sort of little circuit board
just to control all of the lighting so
just moving background onto the
motherboard I wanted to show you here
we've got all of the serial ata
connectors lined up and then just above
this this is one of the really nice
things this system is it's got some
great cable management we've got sort of
a plastic section here with entrance
holes on this side so wires can go in at
any point and then they can come out any
point as well and it just keeps
everything nice and tidy in the system
now moving back around to the front area
of the casing and I just want to show
you just here this is where the optical
bays are and you can actually remove
this black cover this keeps everything
nice and sort of neat inside so we can
remove that nice and easily and then you
can gain really easy access to extra
wiring underneath we've got an extra fan
here as well and we've got the three
optical bays and and this is the top one
where I'm going to put that blu-ray
writer so that's it for this update
video I just want to give you a real
quick overview of the layout of the
Aurora r3 please do subscribe to the
Gaither noise channel there's plenty
more videos
coming on this system including a look
at that customizable lighting also a
benchmark of the r3 with the ATI 7970
graphics card installed and another
video when I've swapped out the RAM for
the crucial memory I'll be doing another
benchmark video after that so please do
subscribe hit that like button thanks
very much for watching and I will see
you all in the next video